Title: subscribe-like-reminder-animation

Description
A simple react page being used to make a "subscribe & like reminder" animation for youtube videos.
The first page is consisting of two components
- The actual subscribe & like reminder component
- The administration panel.

Background of the page is green. (Sort of like a green screen)

Subscribe & like reminder animation component:
Is a small white rectangel box with rounded corner. Positioned in the middle of the screen.
Inside the white box there's four buttons next to each other:
- A like button (this is grey)
- A dislike button (this is grey)
- A "Subscribe" button (this is red)
- A Bell which is white with gray border/outlines.
Feel free to find appropriate icons using react-icons npm package.
All buttons have a standard click animation. No hover effect.
When the like buttons has been clicked it turns blue.
When clicking "Subscribe" button it turns grey and the text changes to "Subscribed".
When clicking the bell it turns into a new bell icon with two small lines on top of it (like it has been clicked) and is fully grey now.

use simple useState hook to track states of the buttons.

Administration panel:
Has three buttons and is located in the buttom of the page; so the actual animation can be recorded seperately without interference from the admin panel.
Used "fixed" positioning for this.
Three buttons in the admin panel does the following:
1. Loads intro animation
2. Loads outro animation
3. Resets the state of the other component


Intro animation:
The subscribe & like reminder component fades in.
Initially the white box is empty and then the buttons appear one by one, starting with the subscribe button. Small animation when appearing.


Outro animation:
The subscribe & like reminder component fades out and the screen turns empty

Resets:
Simply resets the state of all the buttons


Techstack:
- Typescript
- React
- Vite
- TailwindCSS (if necessary?)

Packages:
- react-spring for animations
- react-icons for icons
